make sure that assume yes flag works for all entities (#1292)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Made sure that  format's **Assume yes** flag does work for all entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **Assume yes** flag did not work properly for some entities in the **format** command.
```
